We adopt a dynamic programming based approach instead, 
calculating optimal plans for joining table sets out of optimal plans for joining subsets
动态编程，通过计算子集的最优计划，从中得出全集的最优计划


问题的定义：
An MPQ problem is defined by a query Q, a parameter space X, and a set of cost metrics M. 
Any PPS for Q is a solution to the MPQ problem--问题的解决

分段线性开销函数
The cost function is piecewise-linear (PWL) if the parameter space can be partitioned 
into convex polytopes such that c(p, x) is linear in each polytope


第一步：
RRPA first calculates PPSs and RMs for each base table q ∈ Q; 
it considers all possible scan plans for each base table and prunes out plans 
that are dominated in the entire parameter space

After the base tables, RRPA treats table sets in ascending order of cardinality.第七页，这句话什么意思

剪枝的整个过程
Every plan is associated with a RR in the parameter space for which no alternative plan is known
 that has equivalent or dominant cost. The RR of a newly generated plan is initialized by the full parameter space.
 It is reduced during a series of comparisons between the newly generated plan and the old plans joining the same tables.
 At every comparison, the RR of the new plan is reduced by the points in the parameter space for which an 
old plan dominates the new plan. If the RR of the new plan becomes empty, it is discarded. 
Otherwise, the new plan is inserted. Before inserting the new plan, 
the RRs of the old plans are reduced by regions in which they are dominated by the new plan. 
Old plans with empty RRs are discarded. The following example illustrates the pruning method.

第八页是整个算法的过程。

最后的实验结果和评价： 
For same number of tables and parameters, our optimization times are higher 
but still comparable to optimization times of single-objective PQ algorithms 
that are often in the order of several seconds as well

用启发性的算法
通过近似的方式，用线性开销函数来近似任意形式的开销函数

Each PWL function is therefore represented as a set of linear functions; 
each linear function is characterized by the parameter space region to which it applies (attribute reg in Figure 9) 
and a weight vector (attribute w in Figure 9) with one weight per parameter together 
with the scalar base cost (b in Figure 9) that define the linear function.

线性函数



